update export docs (#3785)
temporalio/documentation: docs/production-deployment/cloud/export.mdx

---
id: export
title: Workflow History Export
sidebar_label: Workflow History Export
description: Workflow History Export in Temporal Cloud lets users export Closed Workflow Histories to an object storage for compliance and analytics. Configure via Cloud UI or tcld.
slug: /cloud/export
toc_max_heading_level: 4
keywords:
  - archival
  - export
  - operations
  - temporal cloud
  - verify
  - workflow history export
tags:
  - export
  - Temporal Cloud
  - workflow history
---

:::tip Support, stability, and dependency info

Workflow History Export is in [Public Preview](/evaluate/development-production-features/release-stages#public-preview).

:::

Workflow History Export allows users to export closed Workflow Histories from Temporal Cloud to cloud object storage (AWS S3 or GCP GCS), enabling:

- Compliance and audit trails of complete Workflow History data in [proto format](https://github.com/temporalio/api/blob/master/temporal/api/export/v1/message.proto)
- Analytics on Workflow History when ingested to the data platform of your choice

> Workflow History Export does for Temporal Cloud what [Archival](/self-hosted-guide/archival) does for self-hosted Temporal Server. Archival is not available in Temporal Cloud.

Reviewer: Would this be correct? "Workflow History Export is the Temporal Cloud equivalent of [Archival](https://github.com/self-hosted-guide/archival) in a self-hosted Temporal Server. Archival is not supported in Temporal Cloud."

Author: ```suggestion
Workflow History Export in Temporal Cloud provides similar functionality as [Archival](/self-hosted-guide/archival) in a self-hosted Temporal Server. Archival is not supported in Temporal Cloud.
```

> Export runs hourly, 10 minutes after the hour. Individual export time varies: each closed Workflow is expected to be found in the exported file within one to four hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exports run hourly, beginning 10 minutes after the hour. The time at which a closed Workflow appears in the exported file may vary, but it is typically available within one to four hours. Delivery is guaranteed at least once.
```
